So we spent quite some time on the look of these text inputs but I'm liking it now,
one thing I don't like is our heading here though,
please log in,
that's not really looking the way I want it to look.
So it would be nice to have this look as a header,
of course we can do that by going to the auth screen and then adding something like text heading, whatever
you want,
any property name of your choice and there set the font size,
always look at this cheat sheet
I mentioned earlier if you're not sure which properties you can set and set it maybe to 28 pixels.
Now if you set this up and you go up to your text, you can of course add the style here
and set this to tile, styles text heading. Now if you save this, reload on
iOS too, let me also turn on hot reloading here to get quicker updates, you see now we got a heading style,
we could also give this a different font weight and by the way, as you might guess,
font size and font weight, these are only available on text inputs and you might not have guessed this,
if you try to assign them on the outer container,
it would actually fail because there is a difference between view elements here and text elements
and text elements take different styles than view elements,
check out the cheat sheet I mentioned.
So here, font weight can be set to bold
but if we try to do the same on our wrapping container view when we save this, we actually get an error here
on the right
or a warning here in the simulator that we try to assign font-size to view which is not supported.
So this is just what I meant,
we can absolutely use it on our text though
and now we got a fat header here which looks quite nice as it is.
But what about reusability?
We did it on the text input,
it might also make sense here on this text.
We might use a heading styled like this in other places of the app too, so creating a separate component
for this might make sense, I'll
name it heading text and you could name it heading one text even if you wanted to build different
headings like we have them in html with h1, h2 and so on,
I'm going to stick to heading text and there, import react from react of course,
import two things from react native, the text and the stylesheet
and then create a constant which I'll name heading text which gets some props where I in the end return some
jsx and where I then default, export this heading text as the default of this file.
And now here in my component, I will render the text and in-between the opening and closing tags, I'll
use props children to render whatever we passed between our custom component text thereafter. And now
we can use the same set up as before, we can distribute all props we get here,
you could of course also store them in some sub-property like text config which we then would have
to set from outside
but I'm going to do it like this and then I'll override the style and create my own stylesheet down
there, so create this styles object where I use stylesheet create and now copy the set up we defined
here in our auth.js file, move it into our text heading file here and now just make sure to assign this
styles text heading and to also allow this to be overridden,
you probably want to turn this into an array too and there, also pass any styles you get from outside
just as we did it in our default input. So with that, we got our reusable heading text component,
let's now use it
so back in auth.js,
I will actually import it, I'll import heading text from
components
UI,
heading text heading text and I'll use it here instead of my text, I'll then remove the style I set
here because I got the default styles in that component.
If we now save this and we go back to the application, get the same look as before
and everything works fine here
but now this is set up in a reusable way again. If we toggle the inspector and we click on that, we see that
indeed we do use our heading text component here and inside there,
we got our text and we got all the default properties we set up distributed over that text.